README.md, before:

# Forward

The universal music player.

## Rationale

Coming soon...

Forward is highly inspired by the [Meta music tag editor][meta] and [Doppler music player][doppler].

## Use

> [!NOTE]
>
> Forward is in development and has limited feature support.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> Forward has not been notarized by Apple. To run the app, open the app and [follow these instructions][apple-notarization-bypass].

You can either download a release of the app from the [Releases][releases] page or build the project from source in Xcode.

macOS Sequoia (15) or later is required.

### Install

The first time you build the project (as well as make changes to configuration, like building for release), it will take
a significant amount of time to complete.[^1] This is due to the project depending on FFmpeg and libopus. Subsequent
builds should perform much better.

1. Clone the Git repository (e.g. `git clone https://github.com/kyleerhabor/forward Forward`)
2. Open the Xcode project (e.g. `open Forward/Forward.xcodeproj`)
3. Select `Product > Archive` to build the project for release
4. From the Organizer, select `Distribute App > Custom > Copy App` to export the app
5. Open the app

If you encounter an error like `'libavutil/avutil.h' file not found`, you may need to run `Tools/install.sh` first.

### Screenshots

<details>
  <summary>Future & Lil Uzi Vert — Pluto x Baby Pluto</summary>
  
  <img src="Documentation/Screenshots/Future & Lil Uzi Vert - Pluto x Baby Pluto.png">
</details>

[^1]: An initial build on my 2019 MacBook Pro takes ~4 minutes to complete. 

[meta]: https://www.nightbirdsevolve.com/meta
[doppler]: https://brushedtype.co/doppler
[apple-notarization-bypass]: https://support.apple.com/en-us/102445#openanyway
[releases]: https://github.com/kyleerhabor/forward/releases

Commit message:

Rename project to Sampled
A sample is (one of) the fundamental data types in audio programming.
- FFmpeg describes itself as the "universal media converter"
- This project is greatly inspired by Doppler and Meta

Hence, Sampled seems like a great name.

README.md, after:

# Sampled

The universal music player.

## Rationale

Coming soon...

Sampled is highly inspired by the [Meta music tag editor][meta] and [Doppler music player][doppler].

## Use

> [!NOTE]
>
> Sampled is in development and has limited feature support.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> Sampled has not been notarized by Apple. To run the app, open the app and [follow these instructions][apple-notarization-bypass].

You can either download a release of the app from the [Releases][releases] page or build the project from source in Xcode.

macOS Sequoia (15) or later is required.

### Install

The first time you build the project (as well as make changes to configuration, like building for release), it will take
a significant amount of time to complete.[^1] This is due to the project depending on FFmpeg and libopus. Subsequent
builds should perform much better.

1. Clone the Git repository (e.g. `git clone https://github.com/kyleerhabor/sampled Sampled`)
2. Open the Xcode project (e.g. `open Sampled/Sampled.xcodeproj`)
3. Select `Product > Archive` to build the project for release
4. From the Organizer, select `Distribute App > Custom > Copy App` to export the app
5. Open the app

If you encounter an error like `'libavutil/avutil.h' file not found`, you may need to run `Tools/install.sh` first.

### Screenshots

<details>
  <summary>Future & Lil Uzi Vert — Pluto x Baby Pluto</summary>
  
  <img src="Documentation/Screenshots/Future & Lil Uzi Vert - Pluto x Baby Pluto.png">
</details>

[^1]: An initial build on my 2019 MacBook Pro takes ~4 minutes to complete. 

[meta]: https://www.nightbirdsevolve.com/meta
[doppler]: https://brushedtype.co/doppler
[apple-notarization-bypass]: https://support.apple.com/en-us/102445#openanyway
[releases]: https://github.com/kyleerhabor/sampled/releases
